Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland summary

This summary was written by Lenny de Rooy and comes from Lenny’s Alice in Wonderland site atThis summary was written by Lenny de Rooy and comes from Lenny’s Alice in Wonderland site athttps://www.alice-in-wonderland.nethttps://www.alice-in-wonderland.net. You may use and reproduce this summary, provided that you leave this. You may use and reproduce this summary, provided that you leave thiscopyright notice intact. Reading this summary doesn’t mean that you don’t have to read the book anymore; thecopyright notice intact. Reading this summary doesn’t mean that you don’t have to read the book anymore; thepuns, jokes and other things that make the book so great are not included.puns, jokes and other things that make the book so great are not included.

Chapter 1: Down the Rabbit-HoleChapter 1: Down the Rabbit-Hole

AAlice is sitting with her sister on the riverbank and is very bored. Suddenly she sees a White Rabbit running by her.lice is sitting with her sister on the riverbank and is very bored. Suddenly she sees a White Rabbit running by her.
It is wearing a waistcoat and takes a watch out of it, while muttering to himself ‘Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!’.It is wearing a waistcoat and takes a watch out of it, while muttering to himself ‘Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!’.
Alice gets very curious and follows him down his rabbit-hole.Alice gets very curious and follows him down his rabbit-hole.

The rabbit-hole suddenly goes straight down and Alice falls into it. She falls very slowly and while she is talking toThe rabbit-hole suddenly goes straight down and Alice falls into it. She falls very slowly and while she is talking toherself she falls asleep. Suddenly she lands on a heap of sticks and dry leaves and the fall is over. She sees theherself she falls asleep. Suddenly she lands on a heap of sticks and dry leaves and the fall is over. She sees theWhite Rabbit running in front of her through a long passage and she continues to follow him.White Rabbit running in front of her through a long passage and she continues to follow him.

When she turns the corner the Rabbit is gone and Alice finds herself in a long, low hall, with doors all round it. SheWhen she turns the corner the Rabbit is gone and Alice finds herself in a long, low hall, with doors all round it. Shetries them, but they are all locked. Then she comes upon a little three-legged table on which a little golden key lies.tries them, but they are all locked. Then she comes upon a little three-legged table on which a little golden key lies.
The key fits in a little door behind a curtain and when she opens it she sees that it leads into a small passage. AtThe key fits in a little door behind a curtain and when she opens it she sees that it leads into a small passage. Atthe end of the passage Alice sees a beautiful garden. She really wants to get into the garden, but she is too big to fitthe end of the passage Alice sees a beautiful garden. She really wants to get into the garden, but she is too big to fitthrough the door.through the door.

When she goes back to the table she finds a little bottle on it with the words ‘Drink me’ printed on the label. AliceWhen she goes back to the table she finds a little bottle on it with the words ‘Drink me’ printed on the label. Alicedrinks from it and starts shrinking until she is only ten inches high. She now has the right size to enter the door,drinks from it and starts shrinking until she is only ten inches high. She now has the right size to enter the door,
but she finds that the door is still locked and that she has left the little golden key on the table, which is now toobut she finds that the door is still locked and that she has left the little golden key on the table, which is now toohigh to reach.high to reach.

She starts crying, but soon sees a little glass box lying under the table containing a small cake marked with theShe starts crying, but soon sees a little glass box lying under the table containing a small cake marked with thewords ‘Eat me’. Hoping that this cake will make her grow or shrink too, she eats it.words ‘Eat me’. Hoping that this cake will make her grow or shrink too, she eats it.

Chapter 2: The Pool of TearsChapter 2: The Pool of Tears

Suddenly Alice finds herself growing and she continues growing until she reaches the ceiling. Now she is able to getSuddenly Alice finds herself growing and she continues growing until she reaches the ceiling. Now she is able to getthe key from the table, but again she is too big to fit through the door. This situation makes her cry and she criesthe key from the table, but again she is too big to fit through the door. This situation makes her cry and she criesuntil there is a large pool all round her, which reaches half down the hall.until there is a large pool all round her, which reaches half down the hall.

The White Rabbit returns, now splendidly dressed and carrying a pair of white kid gloves and a large fan. Alice asksThe White Rabbit returns, now splendidly dressed and carrying a pair of white kid gloves and a large fan. Alice askshim for help, but the Rabbit is so frightened that he drops the gloves and fan and runs away. Alice picks them uphim for help, but the Rabbit is so frightened that he drops the gloves and fan and runs away. Alice picks them upand starts fanning herself while she wonders what it is that has made this day so different from every other. Sheand starts fanning herself while she wonders what it is that has made this day so different from every other. Shedecides that she must have been changed into another girl in the night as she can’t remember her multiplicationdecides that she must have been changed into another girl in the night as she can’t remember her multiplicationtables or geography correctly and isn’t able to recite a poem properly.tables or geography correctly and isn’t able to recite a poem properly.

The fanning makes Alice shrink again until she is two feet high. She tries again to enter the door but it is stillThe fanning makes Alice shrink again until she is two feet high. She tries again to enter the door but it is stilllocked and the key is still lying on the table. Then she slips and falls into her own pool of tears.locked and the key is still lying on the table. Then she slips and falls into her own pool of tears.

She encounters a Mouse who fell into the pool too, but she frightens him when she starts talking about her catShe encounters a Mouse who fell into the pool too, but she frightens him when she starts talking about her catDinah and a dog. He promises her to tell her why he hates cats and dogs and they swim to the shore, taking otherDinah and a dog. He promises her to tell her why he hates cats and dogs and they swim to the shore, taking othercreatures that fell into the pool too with them.creatures that fell into the pool too with them.

Chapter 3: A Caucus-Race and a Long TaleChapter 3: A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale

As all creatures are wet they start thinking of a way to get dry. The Mouse tries telling them the ‘driest story’ heAs all creatures are wet they start thinking of a way to get dry. The Mouse tries telling them the ‘driest story’ heknows, but as this doesn’t work they decide to have a Caucus-race. The Dodo draws a circle in which they all startknows, but as this doesn’t work they decide to have a Caucus-race. The Dodo draws a circle in which they all startrunning at random.running at random.

After half an hour they are quite dry and the race is over. The Dodo decides that everyone has won and all mustAfter half an hour they are quite dry and the race is over. The Dodo decides that everyone has won and all musthave prizes. They look to Alice for these, and she hands around comfits, which she finds in her pocket. The Mousehave prizes. They look to Alice for these, and she hands around comfits, which she finds in her pocket. The Mousethinks she must have a prize herself and she is presented her own thimble.thinks she must have a prize herself and she is presented her own thimble.

Then the Mouse begins to tell its long and sad tale, which in Alice’s mind has the shape of a real tail. When no oneThen the Mouse begins to tell its long and sad tale, which in Alice’s mind has the shape of a real tail. When no onepays attention he becomes angry and leaves. The other creatures leave too when Alice begins talking about her catpays attention he becomes angry and leaves. The other creatures leave too when Alice begins talking about her catagain.again.

Chapter 4: The Rabbit sends in a Little BillChapter 4: The Rabbit sends in a Little Bill


The White Rabbit returns, looking for his fawn and gloves. Alice wants to help but finds that the hall has vanished.The White Rabbit returns, looking for his fawn and gloves. Alice wants to help but finds that the hall has vanished.
When the Rabbit sees Alice he mistakes her for his maid, Mary Ann, and orders her to go home and get him a pairWhen the Rabbit sees Alice he mistakes her for his maid, Mary Ann, and orders her to go home and get him a pairof gloves and a fan.of gloves and a fan.

Alice enters his house and finds another bottle marked ‘Drink me’. She drinks it, hoping it makes her larger. ItAlice enters his house and finds another bottle marked ‘Drink me’. She drinks it, hoping it makes her larger. Itdoes, but it makes her so large that she fills the whole room.does, but it makes her so large that she fills the whole room.

The Rabbit angrily comes looking for her and when he tries to get through the window Alice knocks him downThe Rabbit angrily comes looking for her and when he tries to get through the window Alice knocks him downwith her hand. He orders Pat to get the arm out of his window and Alice knocks them down again. Bill the lizard iswith her hand. He orders Pat to get the arm out of his window and Alice knocks them down again. Bill the lizard issent down the chimney, but Alice kicks him out with her foot. Finally they throw a barrowful of pebbles insent down the chimney, but Alice kicks him out with her foot. Finally they throw a barrowful of pebbles inthrough the window, which change into cakes. Alice eats one and shrinks until she is small enough to get throughthrough the window, which change into cakes. Alice eats one and shrinks until she is small enough to get throughthe door.the door.

She runs off past the group of animals into a thick wood. There, Alice finds a Puppy. She throws a stick because sheShe runs off past the group of animals into a thick wood. There, Alice finds a Puppy. She throws a stick because shewants to play with it, quite forgetting that she is now much smaller than the Puppy. She has to run away to avoidwants to play with it, quite forgetting that she is now much smaller than the Puppy. She has to run away to avoidbeing trampled under its feet.being trampled under its feet.

Alice manages to escape and starts searching for something to eat which will make her grow back to her properAlice manages to escape and starts searching for something to eat which will make her grow back to her propersize. When she looks on top of a mushroom she sees a Caterpillar sitting on it while smoking a hookah.size. When she looks on top of a mushroom she sees a Caterpillar sitting on it while smoking a hookah.

Chapter 5: Advice from a CaterpillarChapter 5: Advice from a Caterpillar

The Caterpillar asks Alice who she is. She answers that she doesn’t know because she has changed so many timesThe Caterpillar asks Alice who she is. She answers that she doesn’t know because she has changed so many timesthat day. A brief conversation follows, during which Alice gets a little irritated because the Caterpillar is ratherthat day. A brief conversation follows, during which Alice gets a little irritated because the Caterpillar is rathercrusty and keeps making very short remarks. Alice tells him that she can’t remember things as she used to, so thecrusty and keeps making very short remarks. Alice tells him that she can’t remember things as she used to, so theCaterpillar asks her to repeat ‘You are old, Father William’, which comes out all wrong when she tries.Caterpillar asks her to repeat ‘You are old, Father William’, which comes out all wrong when she tries.

Alice starts complaining that she is too small and the Caterpillar advises her to eat from the mushroom: one sideAlice starts complaining that she is too small and the Caterpillar advises her to eat from the mushroom: one sidewill make her grow taller and the other side will make her grow shorter. Then he crawls away. Not knowing whichwill make her grow taller and the other side will make her grow shorter. Then he crawls away. Not knowing whichside makes her grow, Alice tries one part which makes her shrink until her head hits her feet. Quickly she eatsside makes her grow, Alice tries one part which makes her shrink until her head hits her feet. Quickly she eatsfrom the other part which makes her grow until her head and neck rise far above the treetops.from the other part which makes her grow until her head and neck rise far above the treetops.

Because of her long neck a pigeon mistakes her for a serpent in search of her eggs. Alice succeeds in convincing itBecause of her long neck a pigeon mistakes her for a serpent in search of her eggs. Alice succeeds in convincing itthat she is only a little girl and eats again from the mushroom until she is reduced to her normal size. She walksthat she is only a little girl and eats again from the mushroom until she is reduced to her normal size. She walkson and reaches an open place in the woods with a little house in it. As she is too big to enter, she eats from theon and reaches an open place in the woods with a little house in it. As she is too big to enter, she eats from themushroom to bring herself down to the right size.mushroom to bring herself down to the right size.

Chapter 6: Pig and PepperChapter 6: Pig and Pepper

As Alice stands in front of the house, a fish-like footman comes out of the forest, knocks on the door and a frog-As Alice stands in front of the house, a fish-like footman comes out of the forest, knocks on the door and a frog-
like footman opens. The fish-footman delivers an invitation from the Queen for the Duchess to play croquet andlike footman opens. The fish-footman delivers an invitation from the Queen for the Duchess to play croquet andleaves. The frog-footman sits on the ground outside the house.leaves. The frog-footman sits on the ground outside the house.

Alice walks to the door and knocks, but the footman tells her that it is no use knocking as he is on the same side ofAlice walks to the door and knocks, but the footman tells her that it is no use knocking as he is on the same side ofthe door and they’re making too much noise in the house to hear her anyway. Eventually Alice opens the doorthe door and they’re making too much noise in the house to hear her anyway. Eventually Alice opens the doorherself.herself.

She finds herself in a large kitchen with the Duchess nursing a baby, a grinning Cat and a cook who is makingShe finds herself in a large kitchen with the Duchess nursing a baby, a grinning Cat and a cook who is makingsoup. There is so much pepper in the air that everyone but the Cook and the Cat has to sneeze, and the baby howlssoup. There is so much pepper in the air that everyone but the Cook and the Cat has to sneeze, and the baby howlscontinuously. The Duchess tells Alice that the Cat grins because it’s a Cheshire Cat.continuously. The Duchess tells Alice that the Cat grins because it’s a Cheshire Cat.

At once the cook starts throwing everything within her reach at the Duchess and the baby. The Duchess doesn’tAt once the cook starts throwing everything within her reach at the Duchess and the baby. The Duchess doesn’tseem to mind and continues nursing the baby in a very cruel way. Because she has to get ready to play croquet sheseem to mind and continues nursing the baby in a very cruel way. Because she has to get ready to play croquet shethrows the baby to Alice who takes it outside to save it from being killed. The baby starts grunting, turns into a pigthrows the baby to Alice who takes it outside to save it from being killed. The baby starts grunting, turns into a pigand runs into the woods.and runs into the woods.

Alice notices the Cheshire Cat sitting on a branch of a tree and asks it which way she should go. It tells her thatAlice notices the Cheshire Cat sitting on a branch of a tree and asks it which way she should go. It tells her thatthe March Hare and the Mad Hatter live near and disappears suddenly. It reappears to ask a question and thenthe March Hare and the Mad Hatter live near and disappears suddenly. It reappears to ask a question and thendisappears again. Alice decides to visit the March Hare. The Cat appears for the third time, but as Alice tells him todisappears again. Alice decides to visit the March Hare. The Cat appears for the third time, but as Alice tells him tostop appearing and vanishing so suddenly he vanishes slowly this time, leaving only his grin behind. Alice reachesstop appearing and vanishing so suddenly he vanishes slowly this time, leaving only his grin behind. Alice reachesthe house of the Hare, but because the house is rather big she first eats a little from the mushroom.the house of the Hare, but because the house is rather big she first eats a little from the mushroom.

Chapter 7: A Mad Tea-PartyChapter 7: A Mad Tea-Party

Alice sees a large table set out under a tree in front of the house. The March Hare and the Mad Hatter are havingAlice sees a large table set out under a tree in front of the house. The March Hare and the Mad Hatter are havingtea at it and a Dormouse is sitting between them, fast asleep. Alice sits down in a chair, although the Hare andtea at it and a Dormouse is sitting between them, fast asleep. Alice sits down in a chair, although the Hare andHatter tell her there’s no room.Hatter tell her there’s no room.

The Hare offers her some wine, but there is only tea. When she protests that it isn’t civil to offer wine when thereThe Hare offers her some wine, but there is only tea. When she protests that it isn’t civil to offer wine when thereisn’t any, he replies that it wasn’t very civil of her to sit down uninvited. The Hatter tells her she needs a haircutisn’t any, he replies that it wasn’t very civil of her to sit down uninvited. The Hatter tells her she needs a haircutand asks the riddle “why is a raven like a writing-desk?” Alice says that she believes she can guess that, and theand asks the riddle “why is a raven like a writing-desk?” Alice says that she believes she can guess that, and theothers begin to ridicule her by starting a discussion about semantics.others begin to ridicule her by starting a discussion about semantics.


The Hatter asks her what day of the month it is. His watch doesn’t tell the time but the day of the month, and theThe Hatter asks her what day of the month it is. His watch doesn’t tell the time but the day of the month, and theHatter claims that it is two days wrong. Alice thinks it odd to have a watch that tells the day of the month but notHatter claims that it is two days wrong. Alice thinks it odd to have a watch that tells the day of the month but notthe hour.the hour.

Then the Hatter asks if she has come up with an answer to the riddle. She hasn’t, and the Hatter and the Hare sayThen the Hatter asks if she has come up with an answer to the riddle. She hasn’t, and the Hatter and the Hare saythey don’t know the answer either. Alice tells them they shouldn’t waste time by asking riddles with no answers.they don’t know the answer either. Alice tells them they shouldn’t waste time by asking riddles with no answers.
The Hare replies that Time is a him and not an it. The Hatter tells Alice that if she were on good terms with him,The Hare replies that Time is a him and not an it. The Hatter tells Alice that if she were on good terms with him,
he would do whatever she liked with the clock. The Hatter tells her that he quarrelled with Time last March whenhe would do whatever she liked with the clock. The Hatter tells her that he quarrelled with Time last March whenhe was singing “Twinkle, twinkle, little bat” at a concert given by the Queen of Hearts, and now it is forever sixhe was singing “Twinkle, twinkle, little bat” at a concert given by the Queen of Hearts, and now it is forever sixo’clock. As this is teatime they must always have tea and thus they never have time to wash the cups, so they justo’clock. As this is teatime they must always have tea and thus they never have time to wash the cups, so they justkeep moving around the table to a new set of places.keep moving around the table to a new set of places.

Alice, the Hare and the Hatter wake the Dormouse and ask him to tell them a story. He tells them a story aboutAlice, the Hare and the Hatter wake the Dormouse and ask him to tell them a story. He tells them a story aboutthe sisters Elsie, Lacie and Tillie who lived at the bottom of a treacle well and learned to draw things starting withthe sisters Elsie, Lacie and Tillie who lived at the bottom of a treacle well and learned to draw things starting withan M. Alice keeps interrupting the story so the others make rude remarks to her. Finally she becomes reallyan M. Alice keeps interrupting the story so the others make rude remarks to her. Finally she becomes reallyoffended and walks away.offended and walks away.

Alice notices a tree with a door in it, and when she enters it she finds herself in the long hallway with the glassAlice notices a tree with a door in it, and when she enters it she finds herself in the long hallway with the glasstable. She takes the key and unlocks the door, eats from the mushroom to make herself smaller and is finally abletable. She takes the key and unlocks the door, eats from the mushroom to make herself smaller and is finally ableto enter the beautiful garden.to enter the beautiful garden.

Chapter 8: The Queen’s Croquet-GroundChapter 8: The Queen’s Croquet-Ground

Alice comes upon a rose-tree with white roses. Three gardeners are painting them red. Alice asks them why andAlice comes upon a rose-tree with white roses. Three gardeners are painting them red. Alice asks them why andthey explain that they planted the white roses by mistake and the Queen will cut off their heads for that. So theythey explain that they planted the white roses by mistake and the Queen will cut off their heads for that. So theytry to hide the mistake by painting them.try to hide the mistake by painting them.

At that moment the procession of the Queen arrives, which is made up almost entirely of playing cards. The QueenAt that moment the procession of the Queen arrives, which is made up almost entirely of playing cards. The Queenseverely asks Alice who she is, but she is not afraid and makes the Queen angry by making a rude remark. Theseverely asks Alice who she is, but she is not afraid and makes the Queen angry by making a rude remark. TheQueen shouts ‘Off with her head!’ but Alice replies that this is nonsense and the Queen is silent. She notices whatQueen shouts ‘Off with her head!’ but Alice replies that this is nonsense and the Queen is silent. She notices whatthe gardeners have been doing and orders their beheading. They are saved by Alice who hides them in a flowerpot.the gardeners have been doing and orders their beheading. They are saved by Alice who hides them in a flowerpot.

The Queen invites Alice to play croquet with them and she joins the procession. She notices that the White RabbitThe Queen invites Alice to play croquet with them and she joins the procession. She notices that the White Rabbitis in the procession too and he tells her that the Duchess is under sentence of execution. The game begins andis in the procession too and he tells her that the Duchess is under sentence of execution. The game begins andAlice is surprised by the croquet-ground; the balls are live hedgehogs, the mallets live flamingos, and the soldiersAlice is surprised by the croquet-ground; the balls are live hedgehogs, the mallets live flamingos, and the soldiersmake the arches. Alice tries to manage her hedgehog and flamingo, while the arches are constantly wanderingmake the arches. Alice tries to manage her hedgehog and flamingo, while the arches are constantly wanderingaway and everyone is playing without waiting for their turns, quarrelling, and fighting for the hedgehogs. All thisaway and everyone is playing without waiting for their turns, quarrelling, and fighting for the hedgehogs. All thismakes the Queen furious and she constantly orders the beheading of people.makes the Queen furious and she constantly orders the beheading of people.

The Cheshire Cat appears and Alice starts complaining. The King notices the Cat, follows the advice of the Queen toThe Cheshire Cat appears and Alice starts complaining. The King notices the Cat, follows the advice of the Queen tobehead it and walks off to get the executioner. Alice attempts to continue with the game, but eventually returns tobehead it and walks off to get the executioner. Alice attempts to continue with the game, but eventually returns tothe Cheshire Cat.the Cheshire Cat.

There’s a large crowd around it now, and the executioner, the King, and the Queen are having a dispute whetherThere’s a large crowd around it now, and the executioner, the King, and the Queen are having a dispute whetherthe Cat can be beheaded as they can only see it’s head but no body. Alice tells them that they should ask thethe Cat can be beheaded as they can only see it’s head but no body. Alice tells them that they should ask theDuchess about it, so the Queen orders the executioner to get her out of prison. The Cheshire Cat starts fading andDuchess about it, so the Queen orders the executioner to get her out of prison. The Cheshire Cat starts fading andwhen the Duchess arrives he has disappeared.when the Duchess arrives he has disappeared.

Chapter 9: The Mock Turtle’s StoryChapter 9: The Mock Turtle’s Story

Alice walks off with the Duchess, who is in a very good mood now. She keeps attaching arbitrary morals toAlice walks off with the Duchess, who is in a very good mood now. She keeps attaching arbitrary morals toeverything and seems to agree with everything Alice says. Alice politely tries to tolerate her presence, although sheeverything and seems to agree with everything Alice says. Alice politely tries to tolerate her presence, although shekeeps digging her sharp chin in to her shoulder.keeps digging her sharp chin in to her shoulder.

Then the Queen suddenly appears. The Duchess takes off and Alice returns to the game. When the Queen hasThen the Queen suddenly appears. The Duchess takes off and Alice returns to the game. When the Queen hasordered so many beheadings that only she, Alice and the King are left, she takes Alice to the Mock Turtle. Whileordered so many beheadings that only she, Alice and the King are left, she takes Alice to the Mock Turtle. Whilewalking, Alice hears the King pardoning all the prisoners.walking, Alice hears the King pardoning all the prisoners.

They come upon a Gryphon and the Queen tells him to take Alice to the Mock Turtle to hear his history. WhenThey come upon a Gryphon and the Queen tells him to take Alice to the Mock Turtle to hear his history. Whenthey arrive he is sitting sadly on a rock, sighing loudly. Alice asks what his sorrow is, and the Gryphon answers thatthey arrive he is sitting sadly on a rock, sighing loudly. Alice asks what his sorrow is, and the Gryphon answers thathe has none.he has none.

The Mock Turtle starts telling his history which is interrupted by sobbings and long pauses. He tells how he onceThe Mock Turtle starts telling his history which is interrupted by sobbings and long pauses. He tells how he oncewas a real turtle and went to school at the bottom of the sea where his master was an old turtle called Tortoisewas a real turtle and went to school at the bottom of the sea where his master was an old turtle called Tortoiseand he took courses like Reeling and Writhing.and he took courses like Reeling and Writhing.

Chapter 10: The Lobster QuadrilleChapter 10: The Lobster Quadrille

The Gryphon and the Mock Turtle explain to Alice what sort of dance a Lobster Quadrille is and start dancingThe Gryphon and the Mock Turtle explain to Alice what sort of dance a Lobster Quadrille is and start dancingaround her while the Mock Turtle sings the words.around her while the Mock Turtle sings the words.

When they’re finished they ask Alice to tell her story. She tells them about her curious day and when she gets toWhen they’re finished they ask Alice to tell her story. She tells them about her curious day and when she gets tothe part about her repeating `You are old, Father William’ to the Caterpillar they interrupt her and make herthe part about her repeating `You are old, Father William’ to the Caterpillar they interrupt her and make her


repeat ‘Tis the voice of the Sluggard’, which comes out all wrong too. Then they ask the Mock Turtle to sing ‘Turtlerepeat ‘Tis the voice of the Sluggard’, which comes out all wrong too. Then they ask the Mock Turtle to sing ‘TurtleSoup’ for them. He is interrupted with a cry in the distance: ‘The trial’s beginning!’ Alice and the Gryphon runSoup’ for them. He is interrupted with a cry in the distance: ‘The trial’s beginning!’ Alice and the Gryphon runaway and leave the Mock Turtle alone, still singing.away and leave the Mock Turtle alone, still singing.

Chapter 11: Who Stole the Tarts?Chapter 11: Who Stole the Tarts?

Upon arrival Alice sees the King and Queen of Hearts sitting on their throne, with a great crowd assembled aboutUpon arrival Alice sees the King and Queen of Hearts sitting on their throne, with a great crowd assembled aboutthem. The Knave is standing before them in chains and the White Rabbit has a trumpet in one hand and a scrollthem. The Knave is standing before them in chains and the White Rabbit has a trumpet in one hand and a scrollof parchment in the other. In the middle of the court is a table with a large dish of tarts upon it. While waiting forof parchment in the other. In the middle of the court is a table with a large dish of tarts upon it. While waiting forthe trial to begin, Alice looks around and notices that the King is the judge and that the jurors are not very smart.the trial to begin, Alice looks around and notices that the King is the judge and that the jurors are not very smart.

The White Rabbit starts reading the accusation; he claims that the Knave of Hearts stole the tarts. The King wantsThe White Rabbit starts reading the accusation; he claims that the Knave of Hearts stole the tarts. The King wantsthe jury to consider their verdict, but the Rabbit tells him that they should have the witnesses first.the jury to consider their verdict, but the Rabbit tells him that they should have the witnesses first.

The first witness is the Mad Hatter, accompanied by the March Hare and the Dormouse. Alice feels that she isThe first witness is the Mad Hatter, accompanied by the March Hare and the Dormouse. Alice feels that she isstarting to grow again. The Hatter gives no evidence so they move on to the next witness. The next witness is thestarting to grow again. The Hatter gives no evidence so they move on to the next witness. The next witness is theDuchess’ cook and she is being cross-examined. She testifies that tarts are made mostly of pepper. To her greatDuchess’ cook and she is being cross-examined. She testifies that tarts are made mostly of pepper. To her greatsurprise Alice herself is being called as the third witness.surprise Alice herself is being called as the third witness.

Chapter 12: Alice’s EvidenceChapter 12: Alice’s Evidence

In the meantime Alice has grown so much that she upsets the jury box when she gets up. She hastily tries to putIn the meantime Alice has grown so much that she upsets the jury box when she gets up. She hastily tries to putthem back into their places. She tells the King that she knows nothing about the stolen tarts, which he considersthem back into their places. She tells the King that she knows nothing about the stolen tarts, which he considersvery important. The White Rabbit has to correct him again.very important. The White Rabbit has to correct him again.

Then the King reads from his notebook, stating that all persons more than a mile high must leave the court. AliceThen the King reads from his notebook, stating that all persons more than a mile high must leave the court. Alicerefuses to leave because she suspects that he made up the rule, and the King tells the jury to consider their verdict.refuses to leave because she suspects that he made up the rule, and the King tells the jury to consider their verdict.

Then the White Rabbit brings in a letter, which serves as evidence. The letter contains a verse, written in someoneThen the White Rabbit brings in a letter, which serves as evidence. The letter contains a verse, written in someoneelse’s handwriting, which clears up nothing at all. However, the King thinks that it is important but Alice correctselse’s handwriting, which clears up nothing at all. However, the King thinks that it is important but Alice correctshim and explains why the verse proves nothing. Eventually the King asks the jury for the third time to consider ahim and explains why the verse proves nothing. Eventually the King asks the jury for the third time to consider averdict, and now the Queen contradicts him and says that there should be a sentence first and a verdictverdict, and now the Queen contradicts him and says that there should be a sentence first and a verdictafterwards.afterwards.

Alice isn’t afraid to contradict her anymore, as she has grown to her full size now, and tells them that they’reAlice isn’t afraid to contradict her anymore, as she has grown to her full size now, and tells them that they’renothing but a pack of cards. At this point the whole pack rises up into the air and comes flying down upon her.nothing but a pack of cards. At this point the whole pack rises up into the air and comes flying down upon her.
She tries to beat them off but finds herself lying on the bank, with her head in the lap of her sister, who isShe tries to beat them off but finds herself lying on the bank, with her head in the lap of her sister, who isbrushing away some dead leaves that fell down from the trees upon her face.brushing away some dead leaves that fell down from the trees upon her face.

Alice realises that everything was a dream and tells her adventures to her sister. As Alice runs off for the tea, herAlice realises that everything was a dream and tells her adventures to her sister. As Alice runs off for the tea, hersister thinks about the dream and falls asleep herself, and dreams the same dream as Alice. She continues tosister thinks about the dream and falls asleep herself, and dreams the same dream as Alice. She continues todream about how her little sister will eventually become herself a grown woman and how she will always keep thedream about how her little sister will eventually become herself a grown woman and how she will always keep thesimple and loving heart of her childhood.simple and loving heart of her childhood.


